chore(env): consistent environment variables (#5232)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/library_reference.rst

.. envvar:: GUI

    Type: :ref:`env-boolean`

>     Default: :py:data:`False`

Author: @cmarqu Done. I have removed all `:py` prefixes from these files:
- https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/3fa3407ae173bf45981fcee27689f84a31da6b6c/docs/source/library_reference.rst
- https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/3fa3407ae173bf45981fcee27689f84a31da6b6c/tests/pytest/test_env.py
- https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/3fa3407ae173bf45981fcee27689f84a31da6b6c/src/cocotb_tools/_env.py

.. envvar:: COCOTB_RESULTS_FILE

    Type: :ref:`env-string`

    Default: :file:`results.xml`

>     The file name where xUnit XML tests results are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Name of the file in which xUnit XML test results are to be stored.
```

Author: @cmarqu Done. Changed as requested.

https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/3fa3407ae173bf45981fcee27689f84a31da6b6c/docs/source/library_reference.rst?plain=1#L307

.. envvar:: COCOTB_REDUCED_LOG_FMT

    Type: :env:`env-boolean`

    Default: :py:data:`True`

    Logs will include simulation time, message type (``INFO``, ``WARNING``, ``ERROR``, ...), logger name, and the log message itself.
    If disabled, the filename and line number where a log function was called will be added between the logger name and the log message.

>     By default, option is enabled.

Reviewer 2: Redundant.
```suggestion
```

Author: @ktbarrett Done. Removed as suggested.

https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/ae8811891f5fb150ec6765f355efdf7f5e723e7c/docs/source/library_reference.rst?plain=1#L659-L666

    :undoc-members:
    :member-order: bysource
    :synopsis: Interface to simulator.

.. _env:

Environment Variables
=====================

.. _env-types:

> Types

Author: @ktbarrett I have added that nice fragment to the `Integer` section:

https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/ae8811891f5fb150ec6765f355efdf7f5e723e7c/docs/source/library_reference.rst?plain=1#L1180-L1188

-----

.. _env-boolean:

Boolean
^^^^^^^

Enable or disable option by setting environment variable to one of supported values:

* ``1``, ``yes``, ``y``, ``on``, ``true`` or ``enable`` to enable it.
* ``0``, ``no``, ``n``, ``off``, ``false`` or ``disable`` to disable it.
* If environment variable is unset or empty, it will use default value. If not specified, it will be :py:data:`False` (disabled).

> Passed value will be converted to :py:class:`bool` type.

Author: @ktbarrett Done. Changed as suggested. https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/ae8811891f5fb150ec6765f355efdf7f5e723e7c/docs/source/library_reference.rst?plain=1#L1155

.. note::

    Environment variables of boolean type are case-insensitive. For example: ``YES``, ``Yes`` or ``yes`` are equal.

.. _env-list:

List
^^^^

List of values (comma ``,`` separated) that will be passed by environment variable as :py:class:`list`.

> All values will be strip from leading and trailing whitespace characters. Empty values will be discarded.

Author: @ktbarrett Done. Replaced as suggested.

https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/blob/ae8811891f5fb150ec6765f355efdf7f5e723e7c/docs/source/library_reference.rst?plain=1#L1163-L1167

.. _env-string:

String
^^^^^^

Value that will be passed by environment variable as :py:class:`str` type.
Passed value will be strip from leading and trailing whitespace characters.

> If environment variable is unset or empty, it will use default value. If not specified, it will be an empty string.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence is kind of redundant. Also, we don't really need to tell the user what Python type it will be on the otherwise, that's implementation detail.
```suggestion
Passed value will have leading and trailing whitespace characters stripped.
If environment variable is unset or empty, it will use default value.
If no default is specified by the documentation, the feature will be disabled.
```
